you ever see those videos with thermal
goop all over the CPU socket or people
jamming things into high-powered fans
and thought hm what would happen if I
did that to my PC well that's bad first
of all you could get hurt or worse you
could damage your computer so instead of
risking it let us indulge your intrusive
thoughts like what would happen if you
used your monitor in the Arctic can
liquid crystals freeze we're about to
try all of this and more but my friends
heed this warning do not try this at
home instead try this segue to our
sponsor Ridge okay drop everything our
LTT circuit board Ridge wallet
collaboration is live designed by our
very own Sarah but it is sure to stand
out and hold up too thanks to ridge's
meticulous focus on quality grab one
today using our Link in the video
description
[Music]
in theory modern highquality pastes are
both non-conductive and non-capacitive
so this might work okay but even if it's
non-conductive wouldn't that block the
pads from touching my theory is that the
mounting pressure is going to be so high
that it's going to kind of mash it out
kind of like when you mount a heat sink
and it's not mashing out as much as I
might have hoped but there's a lot of
mounting pressure on the CPU and these
are older larger pins uh and guys this
was already a motherboard that was a
little bit flaky don't worry we want to
sacrifice something that works
perfectly Works enough to find out if it
works
though shut up no
way clearly we haven't put enough
thermal paste in
oh for round two we're bringing out the
big guns all right that should be enough
that she's going to squeeze out like
toothpaste or peanut butter
no this is
crazy oh boy okay I think this is our
final stage
here our ratio of thermal paste under
the CPU to thermal paste on top of the
CPU is extremely
high so we should probably get some more
paste on top yeah that's good that's
good you know you've always wanted to
try it no what if we run something like
actually CPU intensive like cinn bench
or something sure I can do that 62° on
the CPU she's flying how is this allowed
I don't know but it's great because we
kind of need this system for our next
intrusive thought inside this
environmental chamber is a liquid
crystal display but just because they're
liquid at room temperature doesn't mean
that they are always liquid they can
freeze what is the rated temperature of
this monitor it doesn't say but most are
rated to 0° while in operation andus 20
while in storage so that seems like a
sensible starting point this is so gross
it feels worse than even just the motion
blur like it almost feels like it leaves
an imprint of the starting frame on my
eye before anything even starts moving
at all it it's like you're permanently
recovering from a flashbang yeah it's
like that exact effect it reminds me of
a
flashbang where it leaves that previous
image imprinted that's what I was
looking for my question now is what
happens if we goow lower there's no
water in the display so we don't need to
worry about the liquid expanding as it
freezes and breaking the monitor so
uh it's starting to get to the point
where this is so nauseating that it I
need to look away from it for a minute
but that's great because I need to talk
about what's going on here it shouldn't
be the crystals themselves freezing
those should be good down to as low as
-60 but what does happen is they start
to gel up which increases the resistance
that the display interface needs to
overcome in order to twist them so what
we're looking at here is the most
extreme example of how pixel response
times affect the gaming experience
because both of these displays are
running at 60 refreshes per second it's
just that the pixels take so long to
reach the new state we end up with this
blurry flash bangy drunk goggles image
oh
man I don't know if we're going to make
it to minus 400 this is damn near
unplayable you see that just like with a
flashbang I almost had yeah who who who
who it looks like it's kind of changing
in the background a little bit on some
parts of the display oh did you see that
the very top of the display is still
refreshing but the rest isn't so again
what we're seeing is the way a screen
refreshes is typically from top to
bottom so it's going like okay here's a
new here's a
new oh here we go this is really
interesting too now we can see that the
red pixels are or sub pixels rather seem
to be having the hardest time twisting
so maybe their viscosity is higher as
temperatures go down we're only at - 32
right now I really don't think we're
going to make it to- 40 I think she's
done bud can she even get a static image
up there it's kind of starting to kind
of do something I think it's fair to say
she didn't make it to -
40 come on out little buddy sorry about
that oh hey look at that
she only had to get a little bit warmer
on the very front for it to be able to
display an image again I got to get this
unplugged before she gets Frosty though
good job buddy here's a fun one you've
probably heard about solar flares and
how dangerous they can be for computer
systems here on Earth and well we don't
have a sun but what we do have is a CT
scanner from Luma field that we can use
to blast Cosmic like X-rays at stuff
like hey this computer all we got to do
is close our up and configure a couple
of things while lus is working on that I
have some dark urges of my own while
everyone knows that you should eject
your USB before you pull it out so that
you don't corrupt your files what would
happen if I pulled out maybe the whole
SSD we're currently playing valheim and
it's installed on this drive right here
we're walking around the world look at
all that what would happen if I
just look at that we're still playing
the game now when you're using your
computer the stuff that you're actively
using is going to be sitting in Ram so
we should be fine for now we can look
around we can jump we can punch stuff
like we're still playing the game but
the moment that we have to load
something it goes away but you see
Windows is still running because we
haven't removed our boot drive so what
would happen if we did that look at that
it's crazy it's it still works that's
because Windows is mostly running in Ram
right now you can actually get entire
operating systems that will run
exclusively in Ram but this isn't one of
them and you'll see that when we say try
to look at file
explorer look at
file look at there could be some very
important information traveling between
the SSD and your RAM and it could end up
causing severe harm to your system
you're probably going to be okay but hey
why are you tempting fate that's what
we're doing we tempted and it's for
those very reasons that you probably
expect that when we pull out our
Ram it shuts down immediately ooh spicy
this is what I mean you don't know what
you're going to screw up and now we're
in a repair mode let's hope that it
doesn't slow us down too much obviously
taking Ram out is going to be a problem
but what would happen if we just you
know put Ram
in I'm I'm so surprised I thought that
we would plug it in it would trip
voltage monitor or something there' like
be a short circuit because of the
connecting of the pins and whatever we
don't have 16 GB of RAM right now we're
still stuck as if we were running off of
the single dim what if can I take this
one out now
hey maybe that was a fluke let's try
this a second
time you still get the RGB we've seen
some crashes and stuff but I just feel
like we haven't actually done any damage
what if we delete system
32 and delete it's that easy except for
it isn't Windows actually doesn't want
you to break your own PC and so it asks
for trusted installer permission to
delete the folder and it won't let you
get any further from this even if you're
an administrator it doesn't matter but I
know of a tool the command line that
will let us do anything we want watch as
I in one simple
command as and then when I also say yes
to
all it's a lot of red unauthorized
access exception why can't I I have a
computer that just listens to what I
tell it to do I think I know a guy who
knows about computers and making them do
what he
wants it's Jordan ah yes the command
line one final reminder before we do
this don't deleting system 32 will harm
your computer if you understand this
warning hit the like button to proceed
just down there all right open up the
command line as an administrator and
type this
[Music]
in congratulations you now own all the
folders in system 32 you've massively
compromised the security and the
functionality of your PC but we're not
done yet let's confirm this kill use
this next command to change your Access
Control level and now we just delete
system
32 okay so we removed a lot of files but
why is Windows still working what if we
try like doing something well you've
angered it this is all your fault
control shift Escape control delete oh
failure to display security and I've
never seen that before me neither I like
the just X just X do you want to try
rebooting it yeah okay automatic repair
oh my it's so bored it can't do anything
it's booting into here that implies that
the recovery files were in system
32 I think this computer's sufficiently
borked okay um my work here is done yes
you've done a wonderful job now it's my
turn Adam's making me do this it'll be
fun
yeah don't worry it's l free yeah this
isn't as satisfying as I had hoped not
only is it not fun it's a waste of
solder yeah really is let's do something
slightly less stupid PC fans at their
core are basically just an electric
motor you apply some power to it it
spins your fan but if you are the one
that spins it suddenly your electric
motor becomes an electric generator
let's test it here we have a multimeter
connected to a fan a tachometer and some
compressed
air now let's spin it and kill the
motherboard given that we only saw like
6 volts on the multimeter here when we
spun this fan up I think the
motherboard's going to be fine these are
12vt fans the header can probably handle
12 volts here's the graph of our fan
speed it's currently spinning at 2,000
RPM and if we just give it a little bit
of encouragement
here there we go look at that
we need the graph to go
higher all right we're at a 7500
[Music]
RPM whatever reason it think it's going
1,000 RPM now that is not
correct huh it's fine it's totally fine
the RPMs for whatever reason went down
to like 900 RPM when it was going over
7,000 but I'm guessing that's just the
math getting screw when it goes way
faster than expected but according to
this it went up to 7 7600 RPM and she's
totally fine I don't think you have to
worry about this too much but you know
what you definitely have to worry about
water I don't know why I said it like
that water technically water doesn't
damage your computer pure water isn't
conductive it's what's disolved inside
the water that
counts this isn't pure water though so
this is probably pretty bad so Adam's
currently playing crisis and he's just
going to keep playing until this
computer stops working is it still going
it's going fine yeah we're doing totally
fine see spraying water on computers
again can be fine until that shoo builds
up unfortunately everything's got shoo
in it so at some point this will give
out is it still going
no oh game over would you like me to
keep going yeah I think we should stop
okay the fans are still spinning the
power supply has not tripped yeah
despite you spraying directly into the
back of
[Music]
it why is there thermal paste all over
the CPU yeah the Linus 5 hours later
we're coming back to our system that we
put inside the Luma field and am I
expecting there to be anything wrong
with it it didn't even so much as crash
well here's the thing this blasts x-rays
which I don't know if you've ever been
to an airport but your laptop goes
through an x-ray reader every time you
go on there sure and as long as your
laptop isn't a you know analog film
camera then it's probably not going to
have an issue with that yeah
at first Luma field does publish
guidelines for how long is safe to
expose Electronics to their machine and
they're pretty long and they're probably
padding the estimates yeah and even if
we were trying to guarantee that
something went wrong with this who knows
if it would actually affect something
that matters on what we're doing on our
system we saw this actually when we
tried to EMP
blast literally the RAM chips on a
laptop we had to get like right in there
they're pretty resilient
[Music]
so if you ever want to bring your laptop
to your next CAT scan you can totally do
that tell the doctors that we said it
was okay do you know what else is okay a
segue to our
sponsor grammarly the business team at
Linus media group's day-to-day involves
a ton of communication coordination and
writing that's where grammarly comes in
it's an AI writing partner that works
where the biz team works for example if
they need to draft up an email for a
project proposal grammarly can help come
up with initial ideas and can check for
clarity in tone and ensure that their
email is as effective as it can be
grammarly also understands the context
of their writing and provides high
quality suggestions after all sending an
email to Colton requires a bit more care
than sending data quick thanks Colton
could get you hacked and you get even
more features if you upgrade to
grammarly Pro with full sentence
rewrites to turn long-winded sentences
into something more precise and their
app actions feature lets you stay on
track without having to juggle multiple
tabs you can quickly insert links gifs
or documents all within grammarly sign
up and upgrade to grammarly Pro today at
grammarly.com
lt10 if you guys enjoyed this video
maybe check out the one where we used a
car radiator to cooler computer it
wasn't successful but it kind of had the
same energy great